Today was september 19th and I am reading  a book about chairs and the cnc for my project. I need to figure out in the coming days/weeks what excatly I am going to be doing for this project, even though I have the general idea down.
Today was september 24th and I am finalizing my project idea. I plan on creating a stool that when someone sits or stands on it the sensor will be there and the LED lights will turn on and flash around the stool.
For Sepetember 28-October 1st- I started and finsihed the owl project. On October 1st, I am starting to work on my project design with a tutorial in fusion 360.
8-25 through 9-12: construction of box and pen project. This involved getting our wood, trimming it down, cutting the hole inside the wood, using the turner, using glue to assemble the pen, and then assembling the final parts to get the pen working. I am documenting about this later on because Github had not been set up at this point. 
9-12-9-18- in class we learned about github, and I am writing about this now because I did not have my daily journal set up 9-12-9-18- in class we learned about github, and I am writing about this now because I did not have my daily journal set up 
October 7t- today I found the wood that I will be using for the base of my stool, and we took a quiz today in class.
Ocotober 9th and 10th- I found the wood that I will use for my project, and along with that in our 75 minute period on friday I refreshed my skills of the 3d printer and laser cutter by printing and cutting. (I learned how to focus one of the laser cutters with mr. dubick's help, and then I used what he taught me to practice focusing the cutter on my own.  )
October 14th- today I downloaded the jekyll template and I went through the config.yml file and added a new path to my photo. along with that, I added a bio and small description about myself in the config file. My digital portfolio is now made. 
October 16th
Documentation
Today I finalized and proofread all of this documentation, both the writing portion and the images. Then I gave Mr. Dubick the link.

October 17th 
Today Mr. Dubick taught us how to set up pages and posts in github. That is all we did in class today.

October 29th 
Today is my first day back. I had acl and meniscus surgery and was out for an entire week, but after 8 days I am back. We learned about making a tool path on makeracam, and some partners and I made a workflow about the steps with importing the pcbs, 2D drilling, 2D contouring, 2D drilling, choosing the different tools, and then previewing the tool path to make sure everything is right. I successfully made my file and sent it to drive as a resistor g code.nc file. 
Link to workflow: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CaDUQ4LmfPJc6pKK6p19hoUctoCXxTt6e9c5fYZ9dEQ/edit
October 30th
Today I made a workflow and milled my board using canvera.All of the key steps for milling is on this workflow- and I enjoyed using this machine because it was my first time interacting with this new technology and it was interesting to see. I took some pictures of the process and will document those once I organize it- the link to the workflow is here. 
Picture: 
Link: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Hm03u70SZn6hg4F6Bugsz9wwq4C9IR7cGyQyIbE5Zmo/edit?tab=t.0
From Nov 3–6 I worked on two hands‑on projects and the site housekeeping to publish them: I milled a small PCB on the Canvera machine (documenting the workflow and exporting G‑code), finished a pen‑turning project (including a failed first attempt and a successful second try), and cleaned up the Jekyll posts so they publish—fixing a malformed front matter, adding the right categories so posts show in the archive, and renaming a couple of images so they load on the site.
Nov 7- today I started to work on the electronics portion of my project- which entailed going through the microcontrollers, and working on the code needed to turn the LED lights on when the pressure sensor is detected. I need to find a pressure sensor next class- along with led strips- and if not then I will order them next class. The code is the part that I am not too familiar with- so I will work on that in the coming days.
Nov 11- Today I worked on my prototype. To build my prototype, I gathered essential electronic components including jumper wires, a breadboard, and a microcontroller, which will allow me to test and program the circuit without soldering yet. The system uses a Force Sensitive Resistor (FSR) connected to the microcontroller’s analog input to measure pressure changes and trigger the LEDs. In the lab, I also explored programmable LED strips, which will light up when pressure is detected, helping me visualize how the final design will look.
